Notes on the website:

TODO1:
When a user uses the side table of contents and clicks on one of the links on it the back button has to cycle through the clicks which were clicked.
This actually happens regardles of the table of contents clicking on anything will cause a new url to load and therefore the back button will return to the previous url which 
is usually on the same page rather than on the previous page. 

TODO2:
language picker stuck on the first language.
This is actually only happening in some of the pages like the about and the index page but it works correctly on the posts page and on the tags page.
related to how the posts are being retreived in those two pages I mentioned.

TODO3:
find what imageHostURL is for and see if we can get rid of it enteriely 
this is definitely related to some of the SEO stuff that is on the code base which we also need to delete
right now it is trying to load and check some of the configurations for those modules which causes crashes if they are 
completely missing.

TODO4:
As of right now there are no unit tests nor integration tests included on the template so we need to both add a framework for that
and implement the unit tests.

TODO5:
contanirize the code base as to make it more portable for development and deployment.

TODO6:
add infrastructure as code folder which will define the infrastructure for this project 

TODO7:
create CICD process to deploy the infrastructure automatically.

TODO8:
when you click on a tag in the tags page it correctly loads up the tag but if you switch languge afterwards 
you get a not found error. If you switch language before you select a tag the page will load fine 
ex:
1. click on tags
2. switch language
3. click on tag
4. switch lang back 
5. No page found error. 
  - expected that it will switch lang and find the appropriate lang tags.
  - 14:46:36 [WARN] [router] A `getStaticPaths()` route pattern was matched, but no matching static path was found for requested path 
`/es/tags/Blog Theme/`. 
  - this warning might have something to do with the  error. 
